listen we've all been making this joke
for years that cable packages died for
streaming to live long enough to become
the villain and offer up their own
packages seems like there's more
streaming sites now than there were
bonus channels you can get back in the
day and every week there's a new one
that I could be charged $9.99 daily for
the entire month and still not have
enough for HBO now max go decide which
one it is Warner Bros it's an insane
amount and the fact that even Walmart is
joining the streaming wars means we
better get some rollback prices real
quick let me explain I remember a time
when you would flip through the channels
for hours if you don't think there was
never anything good to watch only a
hundred plus channels that you had and
now we have like 47 new things coming
out each week and it still kind of feels
the same way in reality I feel that just
gets so overwhelming that a lot of
people go back to what's familiar to
them instead of trying to keep up with
everything new and everything that may
or may not be a hit and considering that
they're all teasing exclusives on these
streaming sites it's already been deemed
the streaming wars each one's gonna be
coming after your wallet look at Vudu
which is owned by Walmart who started
rolling out its lineup I'm sure most
know it has the video on-demand service
I'll let you buy for Kaiser Li but when
I heard they were gonna be streaming
their own content I thought hi is this
gonna be like those red box originals
maybe but they also got actual stars and
properties under them that's when you
notice that the bait is seeing one of
these services as only being $9.99 until
you realize that that's like paying
$9.99 per channel and each channel is
promising something different that you
can't get anywhere else
let me run them down the obvious one to
begin with is Netflix that has a stack
library the Spotify of streaming video
that got away with murder
remember when film festivals didn't want
to take Netflix seriously you know
they're the ones streaming the new
Martin Scorsese film which theater
chains won't even be playing it's
available to watch on the couch whenever
they've got one of the best movies of
2019 they've dropped 16 billion dollars
on original content and have already
created a moneymaker with nostalgia
they're trying to build their own South
Park with their spin-offs and let's be
honest it's the granddaddy of them all I
don't see how you don't have this just
offer the filmmakers that their funding
alone then there's Amazon Prime that has
its own incredible
of emmy-award-winning contents their
original movies already have been hit
that festival box offices hell it's the
only streaming service that allows you
to day shipping
then there's the super premium channels
like HBO Starz and Showtime with HBO
turning into HBO max next year and
they're putting out a Gossip Girls
sequel and a doom prequel series to go
along with the movie not to mention all
the DC stuff now that they've hit the
creative spark and they're snatching
friends from Netflix with a new special
in the works like having friends is one
thing but the special also there's then
these premium channels Disney Plus which
obviously has Star Wars all 30 seasons
of The Simpsons all these Disney
classics Pixar National Geographic I
don't even know if this one's even an
option or Disney's already got the
option out on you they then also own
Hulu which is where all of the FX stuff
is going and all of their rated-r
content that Disney doesn't want on
Disney Plus there's also ESPN nor any of
the other sport apps out there maybe you
have a different niche like dance or
Broadway WWE maybe you're such a movie
fan that you want The Criterion channel
or movie film strug fan door music box
direct you go to film festivals each one
has their own paid subscription service
that may be the only place you can watch
some of the independent films that they
hosted there's also apps for horror fans
those who love body pillows those who
love grittiness and nothing else of pure
flicks of streaming titles for those who
worship the father of Abraham Isaac and
Kanye bt+ with a whopping two seasons of
Martin YouTube which has their own
premium service with movies stocks and
shows that have premiered at festivals
kwibi
oh man this is a short form streaming
site designed for smartphones on the go
coming from Jeffrey Katzenberg er who
you know just was the chairman of Disney
during this period founded DreamWorks
with Spielberg and this thing isn't even
out yet and it's already raised over a
billion dollars and it specifically
wants everything to be ten minutes or
less with the backing coming from all of
the companies that I just mentioned have
their own streaming platforms it's got a
horror series by Spielberg called after
dark that could only be viewed at night
after dark they got a Justin Timberlake
series and they're already killing Zac
Efron and it's insane to think that
again
something some of these haven't even
gotten public yet if you're a reality TV
fan there's this you need some stress
relief there's this Apple TV they were
supposed to spend 1 billion dollars on
content but then accidentally dropped 6
billion dollars as they wanted the big
names and anyone who has an iPhone yeah
promo for their projects is going to be
in escapable NBC Universal is set to
make peacock which remember we're almost
at the end every big cable or phone
company they got a network to but with
NBC Universal combining their shows and
movies and considering they have a theme
park having the rights to the office and
any possible spin-offs or specials like
we're seeing with friends man is that
gonna be killer and then there's still
all of the cable service plans with each
channel so being available for $5.99 on
their own I know that most are just
going to recommend alternative streaming
sites after hearing all this but think
about what music it's streaming right
eventually it had to settle Walmart's
already thinking of collapsing their
services leading to the question of how
many of these will still be around in
five years well they just dissolve into
something else there's also the big push
for s VOD or a VOD ad based video on
demand maybe you've seen any of these
apps pop up or maybe you've noticed a
new TVs or Vudu or even YouTube that
allow full movies to be streamed legally
you just get a bunch of ads
that's a lot of damage to me it's kinda
like the new basic cable but it gives of
the Internet age for anyone who doesn't
have access to any of the page streaming
sites at least I'll have next still
streaming on a free internet channel
jumpin not walking next that said when
it comes to all these other apps which I
wouldn't necessarily call free because
I'm pretty sure you're paying for them
in other ways you notice that there is a
whole other amount of content being
produced from snapchat and it's short
series that they're already creating cut
up to be even shorter because of their
stories Instagram TV which has been a
thing Facebook watch which has loads and
loads of celebrities and everyday people
hosting their own series and content tic
toc has become the new vine I feel the
people around me watch more live streams
on Twitch than live TV and then
obviously there's YouTube where you're
listening to lil meat and this is
officially the most stream service of
them all so there's a quote I heard a
couple years back from a producer that
said that sure there's the intimacy of
the home experience but there's also the
social experience of the theater I don't
think one will ever outdo the other or
get rid of the other one but things are
definitely going to be changing changing
faster than I was going from VHS to for
kids I'm hoping that it becomes less
about how many outlets there are to keep
up with as a consumer but that as a
creator you get presented with more
outlets and even more opportunities to
be able to tell your story so while I
can't say what the best services are for
you I can bite the bullet and stream
every single one of these sites watch
everything each one has to offer create
a youtube series explaining my thoughts
on this overabundance of content to
hopefully help you manage during this
era of the stream
cuz that someone's got to do it thank
you guys for watching this video and I'm
curious to know your thoughts down below
in the comment section I'm curious what
your favorites are mine right off the
bat have to go like this it goes
HBO just offer the best content that
they have Netflix because of the
filmmakers that they're funding and they
also they have some of my favorites of
this year there would go who it goes
Hulu than Amazon Prime mainly because
who has broad city and gumball the stuff
that's not their originals you know the
stuff that they're just hosting I think
is incredible as opposed to Amazon Prime
where they do have the better originals
but it doesn't compare to the stuff that
Hulu has there and then my fifth one
going HBO Netflix Hulu Amazon would be
criterion this one was probably open to
whatever the Nietzsche's for everyone
but for me it has to be criterion with
all the movies that I watch if you see
all the people who go to Barnes and
Nobles for the sales you know everything
but I'm streaming in all special
features go watch Phoenix on that if you
get the chance
but I'm Christian on your thoughts
there's a whole nother wave of it that's
gonna go with it you know
Netflix UK I think that's the channel
they got I've been telling you it's only
a matter of time before your favorite
youtube series also get a format within
these streaming services as well you
think if somebody else is explaining or
recapping movies Netflix isn't gonna
want to do it themselves they already
have and they've taken a bunch of other
you know kind of trending stuff but I'm
not too worried about that because
that's the company and nothing can ever
be I guess an organic voice was to try
to shut you out with copyrighted stuff
so I guess there is that but if anything
one one word of advice that I would give
Yahoo you used to be a thing Disney
bought it and they got rid of that but
Yahoo View used to be a way to watch
free Hulu stuff just with ads I believe
CW seed it still has that where you're
allowed to see all the CW stuff but with
ads and have a lot of stuff on there but
canopy and hoopla I always talk about
these if you don't have a library card
do you look library go get it this is
online stuff where you can read watch
listen to a bunch of stuff can it be in
hoopla but other than that I'm curious
to know your thoughts down below in the
comments section it's just crazy to
think the back in the day
what were they dealing with the wars
they were dealing with was the Cold War
we had people getting you know draft
now 20-somethings are worried about
their mama or their exchanges internet
flicks password in the midst of the
streaming wars but I'm getting your
thoughts down below in the comment
section don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and we'll bring back
blockbuster